# helper
Process hidden payments of monitary instruments included in mix content websites apps and downloads loaded onto any specific Android device and valid activity conducted and/or conducts itself manual input or automatic and/or automated direct and/or indirectly linked to said android device usage and /or activities on and offline abilities to transfer all and any possible payment of any source and type of monitary instruments to the custody of the registered user of said android device until either an expiration date Hof individual said downloads , apps or websites/web content has been reached or the user disables said monitary instrumental content active on said android device. This is similar to an import of applicable web sites and content etc. such as accounts etc but is much more like a scanning function to retrive any and every specific androud device associated with that perticular registered device operator and also instead of the said android device operator trying to remember password after passcode after pin after username- they instead grant this helper with unique authirization and access permissions non rooted ok- to perform this type of deep scan and also creates for themselves a single purpose  master password that in turn may geant usage importing type access to most holders of said of online monitary inatrumental content to retrieve all nessisary monitary items and owner information to the processing and up for conversions not sales or maybe exchanges of said instruments/items to cash money amounts which is then tranafered once converted or exchanged straight into an immediately opened holding account where as such uses of the owners money amounts can be e-transfers, direct deposits, transfers of account ballances only outgoing though bfrom the newly agreed upon contract or agreement unique money holding accounts maybe add supports such as PayPal sending of money amounts with $5minimum and netteller and Skrill and paysafe card and paytm and any other similar type payment out usage type services you choose as options for the owners of the said recently or whenever but within 2years as per Canadian contract for payments of funds laws time limitations on said contracts allow maximum. Then whew done finally till on to my old cell phone device for a good ol scanning. If possible this "helper" online tool? Or deep scan process, holding onto then crediting developememt oh also it should be created for Apple phone  options as well. That is what I really need and you can perhaps use  the owners date of birth, option preffered email addresses, current and or past cell phone numbers and addresses even include some remembered passwords or codes or pins or usernames etc. Combined any combinations which would work most effectively to the intended functions of this very helpful "helper even app? Or sdownload or whatever it has to  be to work out. Ok that's all. Thanksc
